feat Avatar page (#2982)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/avatar.mdx

import { BestPracticeGroup, Example } from '../../layouts';
import {
  AvatarAccessibilityExample,
  AvatarCardExampleDo,
  AvatarCardExampleDont,
  AvatarDataTableExampleDo,
  AvatarDataTableExampleDont,
  AvatarPageHeaderExample,
  AvatarSizePreviewExample,
} from '../../examples';

> ## Anatomy

Reviewer: Recommending the heading order of the below to be more aligned with other pages:

- When to use
- Anatomy
- Accessibility
- Variants

Author: done

Avatars can be displayed as an image, initials, or a logo. They come in three different sizes:

> - `small`: 24x24px

Reviewer: Can we do a table like on the content layout page? https://deploy-preview-2982--keen-mayer-a86c8b.netlify.app/templates/content-layouts?q=breakpoint#breakpoints

column titles would be "size" and "Dimensions (in pixels)"

Author: done

- `medium`: 48x48px
- `large`: 96x96px

The container of an Avatar can be circular or a rounded square based on the use case.

> - Use a circle Avatar when representing a person either through an image or their initials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a circular Avatar when representing a person by an image or their initials.
```

> - Use a rounded square Avatar when representing a company’s or entity’s logo. This can be achieved by passing `round='medium'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a rounded square Avatar when representing a company’s or entity’s logo. This can be achieved by applying `round='medium'` to the Avatar.
```

> - Always round the edges of a square container when using an avatar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Always use `round="medium"` for a rounded square avatar.
```

Reviewer: Also, what about logos that don't really "fill up" the container? image AT&T which is round, it doesn't make sense to clip the logo does it? @KennyAtHPE

Reviewer 2: If its a case-by-case situation, you might have a list of companies that would have inconsistent avatar roundings

Author: so I changed the `round` to be `medium` and switched it out with a couple icons to see how it handles round icons and got this.

<img width="612" alt="Screen Shot 2022-10-19 at 10 53 36 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42451602/196754712-264d71c7-9618-4de6-8474-9df1f2a87c94.png">

Reviewer 2: Thanks for these examples. I'm wondering for these specific use cases, referring to the one on the left, can the user just show the icon instead of using an Avatar?

Reviewer: What about saying the width can be flexible for non-square logos but the height is consistent. so height would be 48px but width was flexible to the content?

or is avatar built in a way where it's always a square? i forget.

Reviewer 2: Good suggestion, can we get clarification on this @britt6612 ?

Author: Avatar takes in whatever size and sets that for both width and height so its the same..

```
      height: avatarSize,
      width: avatarSize,

```

also in grommet we shy away from using `width` and `height` props 
```

      'Avatar should use `size` instead of `height` or `width` props',

```

so Im not sure what the best approach here would be unless we change on grommet side to let it be more flexible to have a user set height using the `size` but the width can be changed

Author: yeah that may help some confusion. @KennyAtHPE I can set up a time today

<Example
  figma="https://www.figma.com/file/d7a74LgBABdgTZR6HrzWKo/HPE-Avatar?node-id=0%3A1"
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/avatar/AvatarSizePreviewExample.js"
>
  <AvatarSizePreviewExample />
</Example>

## Accessibility

> Inform the user of what the Avatar is and what will happen when it is clicked by including an `a11yTitle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inform users of assistive technologies what the avatar represents by including an `a11yTitle`. This text will be read out by a screen reader when the user reaches the avatar.

If the avatar acts as a button, the `a11yTitle` should also inform the user of what action will occur if clicked.
```

<Example
  horizontalLayout

>   code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/avatar/AvatarAccessibilityExample.js"

Reviewer 2: Seeing 404 for the code block

Reviewer: This will be 404 because the code isn't published yet

Author: ☝️

  width={{ min: 'medium' }}
>

>   <AvatarAccessibilityExample />

Reviewer: Can we include a clickable avatar in this example too since we reference it in the guidance?

Reviewer 2: Good suggestion

Author: Yes I can add

Author: done

</Example>

## When to use Avatars

> Typically, Avatars are used mainly as an easy identifier for users and are always paired with additional information for better clarity. If possible, prioritize using an image or logo over initials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avatars are used to allow users to quickly identify an object, whether that be a specific user, account, or other entity. Avatars are always paired with additional information, such as a user's name, for better clarity. If possible, use an image or logo over initials.
```

## Variants

### DataTable

> When using Avatars in a DataTable, always provide the user’s or company’s name or email alongside it. If an image is not available provide an Avatar with initials instead. Use small-sized avatars in DataTables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using avatars in a DataTable, always accompany the avatar with another piece of identifying information such as the user or company's name or email. If an image is not available provide an avatar with initials instead. Use Avatar with `size=small` in DataTables.
```

<BestPracticeGroup columns="100%">
  <Example
    height="none"
    bestPractice={{
      type: 'do',
      message:

>         'Including Avatars here helps the user to quickly scan the table.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        'Include avatars to help the user to quickly scan the table and identify a specific user. Use initials in the avatar when an image is not available.',
```

    }}
  >
    <AvatarDataTableExampleDo />
  </Example>
  <Example
    height="none"
    bestPractice={{
      type: 'dont',

>       message: `Don't remove an avatar if one is not available. This breaks visual consistency. Instead use initials as a placeholder.`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      message: `Don't remove an avatar if an image is not available. This breaks visual consistency. Instead, use initials as a placeholder.`,
```

    }}
  >
    <AvatarDataTableExampleDont />
  </Example>
</BestPracticeGroup>

### Card

Both Avatars and Icons can be used within Cards. Reminder that...

> - Avatars represent a person, company, or entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avatars represent a unique person, company, or entity with an image, logo, or initials.
```

> - Icons represent objects, actions, programs, and other communicative symbols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Icons are more generic and represent objects, actions, programs, and other communicative symbols.
```

Use medium-sized avatars within cards.

> 

Reviewer 2: Doesn't look like the Avatars in this example have medium rounding

Author: missed that Ill add

Reviewer: The logo doesn't fill the container, so the rounding doesn't seem like it would apply. Is that the right way to think about it?

Reviewer 2: @taysea It would affect it in dark mode, looks like there is a white background fill. Whether or not that should be there is a different question 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86075038/196746078-6807ccef-7a3d-42d3-bf99-d464fc0dda12.png)

Reviewer 2: I think most company logos in general have dark mode versions but not sure if the Grommet icon library has those as well. Looks like the current solution is to include a white background, but not entirely sure if that was a conscious decision or an importing error.

Reviewer: > I think most company logos in general have dark mode versions but not sure if the Grommet icon library has those as well.

Many logos don't exist in grommet icons library, and instead the image is uploaded and stored as an svg separately (that's what we have done in these examples). So if a dark mode version is available that could be added.

> Looks like the current solution is to include a white background, but not entirely sure if that was a conscious decision or an importing error.

When you say "conscious decision or an importing error" do you mean in the site or in Figma?

Reviewer: What I'm getting at is trying to understand what the design desire is and what the color contrast considerations are. It feels like:
1. If a dark mode version is available, we should use that with no background
2. If there is no dark mode version available, we should have a treatment to ensure the logo is visible (white feels a bit stark to me, but that's just my opinion)

Reviewer 2: Sorry, my previous comment was pretty confusing.

I agree that if it's available, a dark-mode version of a logo should always be used with no background. For logos with no dark mode version, I didn't know that the white background was changeable. Very open to explore different treatments here.

Reviewer 2: >>When you say "conscious decision or an importing error" do you mean in the site or in Figma?

Oops, thought that the white background was something all logos had by default within the Grommet icons library.

<BestPracticeGroup>
  <Example
    bestPractice={{
      type: 'do',

>       message: 'Pair Avatars and Icons adjacent to relevant content.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      message: 'Use avatar when representing a specific entity, such as an application's logo. Refrain from using an icon to represent a specific entity.',
```

    }}
  >
    <AvatarCardExampleDo />
  </Example>
  <Example
    bestPractice={{
      type: 'dont',

>       message: `Don’t stack Avatars and Icons on top of one another. Choose one that is most relevant to the title. In this case, use the document icon over the Avatar. `,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      message: `Don’t use both avatars and icons as identifiers. Choose one that is most relevant to the title. In this case, an icon is appropriate to represent "Helpful Guides" which is a more generic item. `,
```

    }}
  >
    <AvatarCardExampleDont />
  </Example>
</BestPracticeGroup>

### PageHeader

When applicable, an Avatar is aligned to the left of the title within a PageHeader. Use large-sized avatars within PageHeaders.

> <Example height="medium" pad="small">

Reviewer: code?

import { BestPracticeGroup, Example } from '../../layouts';
import {
  AvatarAccessibilityExample,
  AvatarCardExampleDo,
  AvatarCardExampleDont,
  AvatarDataTableExampleDo,
  AvatarDataTableExampleDont,
  AvatarPageHeaderExample,
  AvatarSizePreviewExample,
} from '../../examples';

## When to use Avatars

Avatars are used to enable users to quickly identify an object, whether that be a specific user, account, or other entity. Avatars are always paired with additional information, such as a user's name, for better clarity. If possible, use an image or logo over initials.

## Anatomy

Avatars can be displayed as an image, initials, or a logo. They come in three different sizes:

> | T-shirt Size |  pixel size   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| T-shirt size |  Dimensions (in pixels)   |
```

import { BestPracticeGroup, Example } from '../../layouts';
import {
  AvatarAccessibilityExample,
  AvatarDarkModeExample,
  AvatarDataTableExample,
  AvatarDataTableIconExample,
  AvatarPageHeaderExample,
  AvatarSizePreviewExample,
  MarketplaceNavigationalCards,
} from '../../examples';

## When to use

> Avatars are used to enable users to quickly identify an object, whether that be a specific user, account, or other entity. Avatars are always paired with additional information, such as a user's name, for better clarity. If possible, use an image or logo over initials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avatars are used to enable users to quickly identify an object, whether that be a specific user, account, or other entity.

Avatars are always paired with additional information, such as a user's name, for better clarity. If possible, use an image or logo over initials.
```

- Use a circular Avatar when representing a person by an image or their initials.
- Use a rounded square Avatar when representing a company’s or entity’s logo. This can be achieved by applying `round='medium'` to the Avatar.
- Always round the edges of a square container when using an avatar.

<Example
  figma="https://www.figma.com/file/d7a74LgBABdgTZR6HrzWKo/HPE-Avatar?node-id=0%3A1"
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/avatar/AvatarSizePreviewExample.js"
>
  <AvatarSizePreviewExample />
</Example>

## Accessibility

Inform users of assistive technologies what the avatar represents by including an `a11yTitle`. This text will be read out by a screen reader when the user reaches the avatar.

If the avatar acts as a button, the `a11yTitle` should also inform the user of what action will occur if clicked.

<Example
  horizontalLayout
  code="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/grommet/hpe-design-system/master/aries-site/src/examples/components/avatar/AvatarAccessibilityExample.js"
  width={{ min: 'medium' }}
>
  <AvatarAccessibilityExample />
</Example>

## Handling logos in dark mode

> When possible, provide both a light and dark mode version of a company logo. If a dark mode version of the logo is not available, apply background={{ color: ‘background’, dark: false }} to the avatar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When possible, provide both a light and dark mode version of a company logo. If a dark mode version of the logo is not available, apply `background={{ color: ‘background’, dark: false }}` to the avatar.
```

> <Example

Reviewer 2: Can this example use a large-sized avatar instead?

Author: yes done

      type: 'dont',
      message: `Don't use Image or other components to implement company logos. This causes inconsistent alignment with paired content when logos are not square.`,
    }}
  >
    <AvatarDataTableIconExample bestPractice={false} />
  </Example>
</BestPracticeGroup>

When using avatars in a DataTable, always accompany the avatar with another piece of identifying information such as the user or company's name or email. If an image is not available provide an avatar with initials instead. Use Avatar with `size=small` in DataTables.

<BestPracticeGroup>
  <Example
    height="none"
    bestPractice={{
      type: 'do',
      message:
        'Include avatars to help the user to quickly scan the table and identify a specific user. Use initials in the avatar when an image is not available.',
    }}
  >
    <AvatarDataTableExample />
  </Example>
  <Example
    height="none"
    bestPractice={{
      type: 'dont',
      message: `Don't remove an avatar if an image is not available. This breaks visual consistency. Instead, use initials as a placeholder.`,
    }}
  >
    <AvatarDataTableExample bestPractice={false} />
  </Example>
</BestPracticeGroup>

### PageHeader

> When applicable, an Avatar is aligned to the left of the title within a PageHeader. Use large-sized avatars within PageHeaders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When applicable, an avatar is aligned to the left of the title within a PageHeader. Use large-sized avatars within PageHeaders.
```

import { BestPracticeGroup, Example } from '../../layouts';
import {
  AvatarAccessibilityExample,
  AvatarDarkModeExample,
  AvatarDataTableExample,
  AvatarDataTableIconExample,
  AvatarPageHeaderExample,
  AvatarSizePreviewExample,
  MarketplaceNavigationalCards,
} from '../../examples';

## When to use

Avatars are used to enable users to quickly identify an object, whether that be a specific user, account, or other entity.

Avatars are always paired with additional information, such as a user's name, for better clarity. If possible, use an image or logo over initials.

> The consistent dimensions of an avatar ensure that readability and scanability of content surrounding the avatar is not compromised. For example, when scanning a [data table column that contains an avatar of a company’s logo](/avatar#datatable) and the company name, the company name stays aligned from one row to the next. 

Reviewer 3: Should Avatar be capitalized here? I am seeing it both ways throughout the document. Not sure what the correct way is. It makes sense to me to capitalize it since it is the name of the component, but we should align to what we have been doing naming wise on other pages.
```suggestion
The consistent dimensions of an Avatar ensure that readability and scanability of content surrounding the avatar is not compromised. For example, when scanning a [data table column that contains an avatar of a company’s logo](/avatar#datatable) and the company name, the company name stays aligned from one row to the next. 
```

Author: I went through and changed avatar to not be capital to align with our guidance Daliha wrote

> The consistent dimensions of an avatar ensure that readability and scanability of content surrounding the avatar is not compromised. For example, when scanning a [data table column that contains an avatar of a company’s logo](/avatar#datatable) and the company name, the company name stays aligned from one row to the next. 

Reviewer 3: Same with this link, I get a page not found error

Author: fixed

## When not to use
Avatars are not the only components that provide visual representation. When applicable, use these over Avatars:

> - Use Icons when representing objects, actions, programs, or other communicative symbols.

Reviewer 2: Missing link to icons page

> - Use an [image](/avatar#avatar-vs-image) when the context of the visual does not need to have equal height and width to maintain alignment of its surrounding content.

Reviewer 3: This link results is a page not found error

Author: fixed
